Initial terraform scripts for azure cncf subscription (#6925)
kubernetes/k8s.io: infra/azure/terraform/README.md

Reviewer: maybe add the terraform command to run and mention using Azure backend?

# infra/azure

> Terraform scripts and documentation for capz infrastructure that the Kubernetes community runs on Azure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terraform scripts and documentation for Cluster API for Azure ([CAPZ](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-azure/tree/main/templates)) infrastructure that the Kubernetes community runs on Azure.

```

The capz folder structure is formatted shown below:
main.tf
├── resource_group
├── identities
├── key_vault
├── container_registry
├── storage_account
├── role_assignments
├── variables

# Prerequiste 

> The az-cli-prow service principal is required to be created by a tenant admin. Also to add a federated credentials for the prow ask a tenant admin or the SP admin. iam-config\param.json can be used for creating the fededrated credentials. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `az-cli-prow` service principal with federated credentials is required to be created by a tenant admin. The [iam-config\param.json](./iam-config/param.json) can be used for creating the fededrated credentials. 

```

Reviewer: can we also share the example commands to run:

```
az ad sp create-for-rbac --name az-cli-prow
objectid=$(az ad sp list --filter "displayName eq 'az-cli-prow'" --query [0].id --output tsv)
az ad app federated-credential create --id $objectid --parameters param.json

Reviewer 2: s/fededrated/federated

> TODO: Add EKS federated creds 

Reviewer: it will look like: 

```
{
    "name": "prow-eks-identity-credential",
    "issuer": "https://oidc.eks.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/id/F8B73554FE6FBAF9B19569183FB39762",
    "subject": "system:serviceaccount:test-pods:default",
    "audiences": [
        "api://AzureADTokenExchange"
    ]
}
```

# infra/azure
Terraform scripts and documentation for Cluster API for Azure ([CAPZ](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-azure/tree/main/templates)) infrastructure that the Kubernetes community runs on Azure.
The capz folder structure is formatted shown below:
main.tf
├── resource_group
├── identities
├── key_vault
├── container_registry
├── storage_account
├── role_assignments
├── variables

# Prerequiste 
The `az-cli-prow` service principal with federated credentials is required to be created by a tenant admin. The [iam-config\gce-param.json](./iam-config/gce-param.json) and [iam-config\eks-param.json](./iam-config/eks-param.json) can be used for creating the fededrated credentials for GCE and EKS.

The service principal needs:
- Contributor role access to the sub. 
- Creation of a custom role to give write access
- acrpush role for the registry 

> - Storage Blob Data Contributor role for Storage account

Reviewer: can we update this to be clear that these three are managed by terrafrom?

Also add commands to apply the Federated credentials/access to sub mentioned above 

```
az ad sp create-for-rbac --name az-cli-prow
appid=$(az ad sp list --filter "displayName eq 'az-cli-prow'" --query [0].appId --output tsv)
az ad app federated-credential create --id $appid --parameters param.json

objectid=$(az ad sp list --filter "displayName eq 'az-cli-prow'" --query [0].id --output tsv)
az role assignment create --assignee-object-id $(objectid) --assignee-principal-type ServicePrincipal --role Contributor --scope /subscriptions/<subid>
```

Author: The contributor role is added by our scripts, provided the person who runs them is a contributor to the subscription.

# infra/azure
Terraform scripts and documentation for Cluster API for Azure ([CAPZ](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-azure/tree/main/templates)) infrastructure that the Kubernetes community runs on Azure.

> The capz folder structure is formatted shown below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The CAPZ folder structure looks like this:

```

main.tf
├── resource_group
├── identities
├── key_vault
├── container_registry
├── storage_account
├── role_assignments
├── variables

# Prerequiste 

> The `az-cli-prow` service principal with federated credentials is required to be created by a tenant admin. The [iam-config\gce-param.json](./iam-config/gce-param.json) and [iam-config\eks-param.json](./iam-config/eks-param.json) can be used for creating the fededrated credentials for GCE and EKS. Below is an example of how to add a federated credential.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `az-cli-prow` service principal with federated credentials must be created by a tenant admin. The [iam-config/gce-param.json](./iam-config/gce-param.json) and [iam-config/eks-param.json](./iam-config/eks-param.json) file can be used for creating the federated credentials for GCE and EKS. Below is an example of how to add a federated credential.

```

    ```sh

>     az ad sp create-for-rbac --name az-cli-prow

Reviewer 3: Since you're already creating new user assigned identities anyways for the key-vault and assigning its permissions, it would be nice if you just went ahead and created the identity needed for `az-cli-prow` as a user assigned MSI versus having the existing the service principal reference which you then assign write permissions to the subscription.

Reviewer: `az-cli-prow` identity needs to be a SP to be able to log in with the Azure and be used to create resources.  Azure cli can't login in vai Federated credentials and Managed Identities

    appid=$(az ad sp list --filter "displayName eq 'az-cli-prow'" --query [0].appId --output tsv)
    az ad app federated-credential create --id $appid --parameters param.json 
    ```

> The service principal needs the below mentioned role assignements, which gets taken care of by [role-assignments\main.tf](.role-assignments/main.tf): 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The service principal needs the below mentioned role assignements, which gets taken care of by [role-assignments/main.tf](.role-assignments/main.tf): 

```
I think it's confusing to use backslashes for paths here--this is documentation for Linux, right?

- Contributor role access to the sub. 
- Creation of a custom role to give write access
- acrpush role for the registry 
- Storage Blob Data Contributor role for Storage account

> Note: To assign Contributor access the person running this script needs to be a contributor on the Azure subscription. If you are not reach out to someone who is and ask them to manually run the below command and comment out that bit of code from [role-assignments\main.tf](.role-assignments/main.tf).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: To assign Contributor access, the person running this script needs to be a contributor on the Azure subscription. If you are not, reach out to someone who is and ask them to manually run the below command and comment out that bit of code from [role-assignments/main.tf](.role-assignments/main.tf).

```

    ```sh
    objectid=$(az ad sp list --filter "displayName eq 'az-cli-prow'" --query [0].id --output tsv)
    az role assignment create --assignee-object-id $(objectid) --assignee-principal-type ServicePrincipal --role Contributor --scope /subscriptions/<subid>
    ```

# Terraform State Management

We use an Azure backend to maintain the Terraform state and enable collaboration on the infrastructure resources created.
We use the following values to store and manage the state:

- **Resource Group Name:** `terraform-states-azure`
- **Storage Account Name:** `terraformstatescomm`
- **Container Name:** `tfstate`
- **Key:** `terraform.tfstate`

## To Apply Terraform

> Note: The first ever run will take a bit (about 20 minutes) to register the Container Service and Kubernetes Configuration providers, in the main.tf. Get up and stretch your legs while it wires everything up. Then next reapplications of terraform scripts are a lot faster as terraform does not re-register providers. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: The first ever run will take a bit (about 20 minutes) to register the Container Service and Kubernetes Configuration providers while running `main.tf`. Get up and stretch your legs while it wires everything up. The next reapplications of terraform scripts will be a lot faster, as terraform does not re-register providers. 

```

1. Initialize Terraform:
    ```bash
    terraform init
    ```

2. Plan the Terraform deployment and output it to a file:
    ```bash
    terraform plan -out main.tfplan
    ```

3. Apply the planned Terraform deployment:
    ```bash

>     terraform apply .\main.tfplan

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    terraform apply ./main.tfplan

```
These commands will be run (in general) on Linux, won't they?
